[Stream] SHIP-8670 (#13811)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/stream/edit-videos/video-clipping.md

{{<Aside type="note" header="Note:">}}

> Clipping works differently for live streams and recordings; see [Live Instant Clipping](/stream/stream-live/live-instant-clipping/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clipping works differently for live streams and recordings. For more information, refer to [Live instant clipping](/stream/stream-live/live-instant-clipping/).
```
